Oh cinnamon
well I need to find my older brother an
end of it nothing get out here it's time
come on fell asleep while he was down
down to the ground breaths I'll give a
little something help wake him up what
do you think about that idea there now
I'm going to need everybody's help on
this one
they're all going to count to three all
together then one two three
got it oh when you put it out you put it
on the ground now all right you don't
have to worry about the mind oh I
thought about that one there are all
these people here but they got all kind
of money you never do get any cell
brother you own the tree that's right
what I was thinking and I was thinking
I'd like to have everybody on this here
train go ahead and get that left hand
here for me I have that yep I would like
to have the right hand up there with it
right hand up all the way up and make it
a Big Brother want to tell them what's
hang you know what this is a good old
fashioned proper train robber we can see
him near that hold on here we go
yeah I've ever put mine away yep they're
gonna take all our money
doing this Leandra put y'all put your
hands up put your hands up
take all our money
he's coming he's coming take all the
money
but gotta put your hands up
thank
I'll put the money give it give it to
either one of them all right good that's
good
mommy come put your hands down now you
know out sent me here for blowing up in
that mine you know I think I need to get
back in somehow don't you yeah we agree
people give all the money you were
supposed to yeah you're holding back
we're holding back we get it all we gave
it off huh we gave it off okay I don't
know maybe you got I don't know I
don't know I'm trying to trust
let's go ahead with that God about that
need people see how fixes so we can't
bear what I let him get out of here
kitty cat what kind of money no let me
see yeah what we got for the dynamite
see this old dynamite where they got
strapping it on Neela train how do you
think about that idea yeah yeah sure
we're we're cookin you ready no not
about yeah design my bad I kind of
wanted to keep me myself
oh come on now working - what you did to
me it in that mine don't have to
disagree with you know we might adjust
limit out 64 then just don't take a
piece come on hey you keep that money
away from that well big brother you
don't put that down there how would you
do that I didn't jump right in there
now you know what this is a chance that
I've been waiting you know what he
didn't hear that mine I
this is unstable dynamite what do you
think how to do it throw it down the
well do that start down the well run
down the well throw it down the well I
think I'm gonna do it keep it in a safe
place here we go
right we're going